Doc: Add manual section for Darcy Advection Method (#4769)
geodynamics/aspect: doc/sphinx/user/methods/melt-transport.md

More details on the implementation can be found in {cite:t}`dannberg:heister:2016`.
A benchmark case demonstrating the propagation of solitary waves can be
found in {ref}`sec:benchmarks:solitary_wave`.

(sec:methods:darcy-flow)=
# Calculations with Darcy flow
To calculate fluid transport, ASPECT can advect compositional fields with the fluid velocity

> computed using Darcy's Law (derived in McKenzie 1984). Currently, this method approximates the flud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
computed using Darcy's Law (derived in McKenzie 1984). Currently, this method approximates the fluid
```

pressure gradient as the lithostatic pressure, so the expression used for the fluid velocity is:

```{math}

> \bold{u_f} = \bold{u_s} - \frac{K_D}{\phi} \left(\rho_s - \rho_f \right)\bold{g}

Reviewer: You need to use `\mathbf{u}_f` instead of bold, otherwise this is not rendered correctly.

```

Where $\bold{u_s}$ is the solid velocity, $K_D$ is the Darcy Coefficient, $\phi$ is the porosity,
$\bold{g}$ is the gravity vector, $\rho_s$ is the solid density, and $\rho_f$ is the fluid density.
The implementation of this method shares some similarities with the melt implementation, but is much
simpler and as a consequence has several limitations. Currently, in the absence of solid motion,
the fluid phase will only be advected parallel to the gravity vector based on buoyancy forces. An
additional limitation is that solid compaction with varying porosity is not calculated with the
current implementation, and so mass is not conserved as fluid leaves the solid matrix at a given
point. For small porosities, this does not pose too much of an issue, but this approximation would

> break down at high porosities. The advantages of this method is that it is relatively cheap, and for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
break down at high porosities. The advantages of this method is that it is relatively cheap, and it is a good approximation  for
```

> break down at high porosities. The advantages of this method is that it is relatively cheap, and for
> scenarios where porosities are small and fluid pressures it is a good approximation for $\rho_s \mathbf{g}$.

Reviewer: Wait, I still don't understand this sentence. If you want to avoid using approximate twice, what about 
```suggestion
break down at high porosities. The advantage of this method is that it is relatively cheap, and it can be used in
scenarios where porosities are small and fluid pressures can be approximated by $\rho_s \mathbf{g}$.
```
